[RA2 Ch4, README]: Adding explicit Kubernetes version (#2383)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter04.md

|`ra2.k8s.012`|Highly available control plane|A master node must run at least the following Kubernetes control plane services: `kube-apiserver`, `kube-scheduler` and `kube-controller-manager`|[req.gen.rsl.02](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)<br>[req.gen.avl.01](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)|
|`ra2.k8s.004`|Highly available worker nodes|An implementation must consist of at least one worker node per availability zone or fault domain to ensure the high availability and resilience of workloads managed by Kubernetes|[req.gen.rsl.01](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)<br>[req.gen.avl.01](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)<br>[req.kcm.gen.02](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)<br>[req.inf.com.01](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)|

> |`ra2.k8s.005`|Kubernetes API Version|In alignment with the [Kubernetes version support policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/release/version-skew-policy/#supported-versions), an implementation **must** use Kubernetes version 1.21.|TBC|

Reviewer: instead of specifying 1.21 in multiple places can we refer to a previously specified Kubernetes version.

Author: - We define the version "only" in 3 places and I think it is more important to state clear requirements than not to repeat information
 - As we discussed in the RA2 meeting the support window of Kubernetes is longer than the hoped release cadence of Anuket, so it is enough to specify one Kubernetes release per Anuket release.
 - Other components in the architecture should just be compatible with the Kubernetes release if otherwise not specified

Reviewer: @CsatariGergely The same can be accomplished if the three places refer to the single source of truth.

Author: I've fixed this for Ch4 in 7cc06c0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`ra2.k8s.005`|Kubernetes API Version|In alignment with the [Kubernetes version support policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/release/version-skew-policy/#supported-versions), an implementation **must** use Kubernetes version as per the subcomponent versions table in [./README.md]|TBC|
```
propose to actually refer to the main table you've created

Author: Fixed in d7be782

|`ra2.k8s.007`|DevicePlugins Feature Gate|When hosting workloads matching the Network Intensive profile, the DevicePlugins feature gate must be enabled (note, this is enabled by default in Kubernetes v1.10 or later). `--feature-gates="...,DevicePlugins=true,..."`|Various, e.g. [e.cap.013](chapter02.md#221-cloud-infrastructure-software-profile-capabilities)|[Implied by `sriov_net_dp_enabled`](../../../ref_impl/cntt-ri2/chapters/chapter04.md#431-installation-on-bare-metal-infratructure)|

> |`ra2.k8s.008`|System Resource Reservations|To avoid resource starvation issues on nodes, the implementation of the architecture **must** reserve compute resources for system daemons and Kubernetes system daemons such as kubelet, container runtime, etc. Use the following kubelet flags: `--reserved-cpus=[a-z]`, using two of `a-z` to reserve 2 SMT threads.|[i.cap.014](chapter02.md#221-cloud-infrastructure-software-profile-capabilities)|[Implied by `isolcpus_enabled`](../../../ref_impl/cntt-ri2/chapters/chapter04.md#431-installation-on-bare-metal-infratructure)|

Reviewer: should we change "to reserve 2 SMT threads" to "to reserve both SMT threads"?

Author: We do not require to have these two SMT threads on the same physical CPU, so I would keep it like this.

|Ref|Specification|Details|Requirement Trace|Reference Implementation Trace|
|---|---|---|---|---|

> |`ra2.k8s.001`|Kubernetes Conformance|The Kubernetes distribution, product, or installer used in the implementation **must** be listed in the [Kubernetes Distributions and Platforms document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LxSqBzjOxfGx3cmtZ4EbB_BGCxT_wlxW_xgHVVa23es/edit#gid=0) and marked (X) as conformant for the Kubernetes version defined in `ra2.k8s.005`.|[req.gen.cnt.03](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)||

Reviewer: Suggestion instead of referring to `ra2.k8s.005` can we refer to the README? Also change it in `ra2.k8s.005`.
```suggestion
|`ra2.k8s.001`|Kubernetes Conformance|The Kubernetes distribution, product, or installer used in the implementation **must** be listed in the [Kubernetes Distributions and Platforms document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LxSqBzjOxfGx3cmtZ4EbB_BGCxT_wlxW_xgHVVa23es/edit#gid=0) and marked (X) as conformant for the Kubernetes version defined in [README](./README.md) under "Required versions of most important components" .|[req.gen.cnt.03](./chapter02.md#23-kubernetes-architecture-requirements)||
```

Author: I somehow consider listing the version(s) in the README as a conviniency feature and not as the canonical source of information. I would rather prefer to remove the list from the README and keep the normative spec in Ch4.

Reviewer 2: agree with Pankaj, it's better to remove the hardcoded value from the requirments and just maintain the central table (and add "as per table" to the req text)

Author: Fixed in d7be782
